A catfish has about 100,000 taste buds, and their bodies are covered with them to help detect chemicals present in the water and also to respond to touch.
The need for a stronger Federal government soon became apparent and eventually led to the Constitutional Convention in 1787. The present United States Constitution replaced the Articles of Confederation on March 4, 1789.
Elvis was named after his father, Vernon Elvis Presley, and Mr. Presley's good friend in Tupelo, Aaron Kennedy. Aron was the spelling the Presleys chose, apparently to make it similar to the middle name of Elvis' stillborn identical twin, Jesse Garon Presley.
New Jersey and Oregon are the only U.S. states that currently ban self-service gas stations. The purpose of these laws was to protect consumers and gas station owners from costly, and possibly deadly, accidents.
The association between Thanksgiving and the Pilgrims had been suggested as early as 1841 when Alexander Young identified the 1621 harvest celebration as the "first Thanksgiving" in New England, but their importance among the holiday's symbols did not occur until after 1900.
No, and it is unlikely they will ever be able to predict them. Scientists have tried many different ways of predicting earthquakes, but none have been successful. On any particular fault, scientists know there will be another earthquake sometime in the future, but they have no way of telling when it will happen.
The animal which sleeps the most in the world is the koala, which sleeps 22 hours a day. Next is the sloth (20 hours), armadillo and opossum (tied at 19 hours each), lemur (16 hours), then hamster and squirrel (tied at 14 hours each).
As for the rest of Seattle's days, we average 226 cloudy days (4th most in the U.S.) and 81 partly cloudy days. Of all those days, we get 155 days of rain a year (we've had 97 so far this year.)
An upside-down rainbow is an unusual phenomenon caused by sunlight shining through a thin, visible screen of tiny ice crystals high in the sky. Interestingly enough, it has nothing to do with rain. Some people refer to this as a 'smile rainbow'.
The name “hamburger” actually came from Hamburg, the second-largest city in Germany. In the late 1700s, sailors who traveled between Hamburg and New York City often ate hard slabs of salted minced beef, which they called “Hamburg steak.”
The Texans joined the NFL in 2002 as an expansion team after Houston's previous franchise, the Houston Oilers, moved to Nashville, Tennessee, where they are now the Tennessee Titans. The team majority owner is Bob McNair
After 16 months of debate, the Continental Congress, sitting in its temporary capital of York, Pennsylvania, agrees to adopt the Articles of Confederation and Perpetual Union on this day in 1777. Not until March 1, 1781, would the last of the 13 states, Maryland, ratify the agreement.
America's smallest state has the longest official name: "State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations."
The apple originated in Central Asia, where its wild ancestor, Malus sieversii, is still found today. They have been grown for thousands of years in Asia and Europe, and were brought to North America by European colonists.
At its farthest distance (aphelion), Mars is 154 million miles (249 million km) from the sun. At its closest (perihelion), Mars is 128 million miles (206 million km) distant. On average, the distance to Mars from the sun is 141 million miles (228 million km).
In theory, the closest the planets could come together would be when Mars is at its closest point to the sun (perihelion) and Earth is at its farthest point (aphelion). In that situation, the planets would be 33.9 million miles (54.6 million kilometers) from each other. But that has never happened in recorded history.
A male lobster is called a cock and a female a hen or chicken (when it weighs about one pound). A one-clawed lobster is called a cull. If it has no claws, it's called a pistol.
The fluid contains the gases oxygen, nitrogen, and carbon dioxide. When you pop or crack a joint, you stretch the joint capsule. Gas is rapidly released, which forms bubbles. In order to crack the same knuckle again, you have to wait until the gases return to the synovial fluid.
This is an area of rotating thunderstorms with winds of 62 km/hr (38 mph) or less. A tropical depression becomes a tropical storm if its winds reach 63 km/hr (39 mph). A tropical storm becomes a hurricane if its winds reach 119 km/hr (74 mph).
Apollo 11 was the spaceflight that landed the first humans on the Moon, Americans Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin, on July 20, 1969, at 20:18 UTC. Armstrong became the first to step onto the lunar surface six hours later on July 21 at 02:56 UTC.
That bacteria, more specifically P. shermani, releases carbon dioxide when it consumes the lactic acid and forms bubbles. The bubbles don't just disappear, they form little air pockets, resulting in the holes of the Swiss cheese.
Eratosthenes' Calculation of Earth's Circumference. In Alexandria, a tower cast a shadow on the Summer Solstice. The Sun was NOT directly overhead there. Eratosthenes knew the distance between Alexandria and Syene (which is about 800 km).
A coffee bean is a seed of the coffee plant, and is the source for coffee. It is the pit inside the red or purple fruit often referred to as a cherry. Even though they are seeds, they are referred to as 'beans' because of their resemblance to true beans.
In 1901, New York became the first state to register automobiles; by 1918 all states required license plates. States were slower to require licenses for drivers. Only 39 states issued them by 1935 and few required a test, despite widespread concern about incompetent drivers.
The Declaration of Independence: safe and sound and yours to see in the Rotunda of the National Archives Building in Washington, DC. Also on display are the Constitution of the United States and the Bill of Rights.
Papua New Guinea has the highest number of spoken languages in the world. There are 820 indigenous languages spoken in this country. The official language is Tok Pisin, or New Guinea Pidgin, and is the most widely spoken language after English, a legacy of the colonial period.
Secondary rainbows are caused by a double reflection of sunlight inside the raindrops, and appear 10° outside the primary rainbow at an angle of 50–53°. As a result of the second reflection, the colours of a secondary rainbow are inverted compared to the primary bow, with blue on the outside and red on the inside.
Whales are mammals who have no sweat glands, but then since they live in the water, they don't really need them.
Vanilla comes from orchids of the genus Vanilla. While the major species of vanilla orchids are now grown around the world, they originally came from Mesoamerica, including parts of modern day Mexico and Guatemala. The vanilla orchid is a vine-like plant that grows up trees, and its pods are harvested as 'vanilla beans'.
Commonly used fish for sushi are tuna (maguro, shiro-maguro), Japanese amberjack, yellowtail (hamachi), snapper (kurodai), mackerel (saba), and salmon (sake). The most valued sushi ingredient is toro, the fatty cut of the fish.
